docs: Refresh docs for SQL input source (#17031)
apache/druid: docs/development/extensions-core/postgresql.md

To use this Apache Druid extension, [include](../../configuration/extensions.md#loading-extensions) `postgresql-metadata-storage` in the extensions load list.

> The PostgreSQL extension lets you use PostgreSQL as a metadata store or ingest from a PostgreSQL database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the  PostgreSQL extension, you can use PostgreSQL as a metadata store or ingest from a PostgreSQL database.
```
